fix: update release workflows and documentation (#1445)
Deltares/hydromt: docs/dev/core_dev/release.rst

Creating a release
------------------

Releases are produced by three GitHub Actions workflows:

- ``create-release-branch.yml`` — creates a long-lived ``release/vX.Y`` branch
  from ``main`` at version ``X.Y.0`` (major/minor only). Main is **not** bumped
  here.
- ``create-release.yml`` — tags the release on a release branch, creates the
  GitHub release, publishes docs, and opens a ``record-release/v…`` PR that
  merges the release branch back into ``main`` (major / minor / patch).
- ``publish-pypi.yml`` — publishes to PyPI; triggered automatically when a
  GitHub release is published.

.. important::

   After each full release, the ``record-release/v…`` PR merges the release

>    branch back into ``main``. This PR bumps ``main`` to ``X.(Y+1).0.dev0``

Reviewer: Will your script bump to (X+1).0.0.dev0 when creating a major release?

Author: The workflow `create-release-branch.yml` allows for bumping major or minor and is the starting point for the release process.

1. `create-release-branch.yml`
- Creates release/v2.0 (or release/v1.5)
- Sets the version on the branch to 2.0.0 (or 1.5.0)
- Does not touch main

2. `create-release.yml`:
- Tags the release on the release branch
- Opens a record-release/vX.Y.0 PR via `record-release-on-main.sh`

3. Merging the record-release PR (step 3):
- Sets main to 2.1.0.dev0 (or 1.6.0.dev0), or leaves as is if current main version is larger.

Patch release
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Patch releases are made against an already-existing ``release/vX.Y`` branch.
No new branch needs to be created.

> If the patch fixes a bug that exists on ``main``, merge the fix to ``main``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the patch fixes a bug that exists on ``main``, commit the fix to ``main``
```

> first, then cherry-pick the squashed commit onto the release branch (or open a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
first, then cherry-pick the squashed commit onto the release branches that are currently supported (or open a
```
